IT professional currently working in a help desk analyst role for the last year and a half. Desiring a role working in Azure Devops. Experience is comprised of technician work at Starbucks HeadQuarters as well as some contract work for Denali Advanced Integration assisting The Everett Clinic in their migration to Azure, and an additional year working in my current helpdesk role. --- this will be my about information 

Professional pitch --- "Hello I am brandon ruiz, I work in IT professionally as an IT helpdesk analyst for Optum healthcare and am working on moving into the cloud as soon as i learn all i can from code fellows. I have a couple years experience under my belt working in IT and am excited for the journey I have ahead of me. I am very much interested in workingin a Devops role for a cloud provider so that I can make use of my programming passion and merge it with my IT experience. Hiring me will be one of the most solid decisions youv ever made and you can rest assured you wont regret it."

--- What is exciting about tech? "Tech is exciting to me because of the creativity needed to excel in the field as well as the ability to be creative that tech allows one to do. I found this fact of tech out by tinkering with Raspberry pi's and i also bought a python book way back called "Python the hard way" This book has forever changed my life and I have been hooked ever since! My first script that blew my mind was a python script that asked a question and then responded with a pre made response it was like a gave the computer a soul!
 
